GQI - Custom operator release (#2256)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/GQI/Extensions/API_Reference/IGQIOnDestroy.md

---
uid: GQI_IGQIOnDestroy
---

# IGQIOnDestroy Interface

## Definition

Namespace: `Skyline.DataMiner.Analytics.GenericInterface`  
Assembly: `SLAnalyticsTypes.dll`

> The *IGQIOnDestroy* interface is called when the instance object is destroyed, which happens when the session is closed, e.g. in case of inactivity or when all the necessary data has been retrieved. It can for instance be used to end the connection with a database.

Reviewer: An interface can't really be "called".

```suggestion
The *IGQIOnDestroy* interface can be implemented for an Ad Hoc data source or Custom Operator to clean up resources after is has been used. It can for instance be used to close a database connection.
```

I would list all the scenarios in which the data source/operator can be destroyed in a separate section.

> [!TIP]
> See also: [IGQIOnInit](xref:GQI_IGQIOnInit)

## Methods

### OnDestroyOutputArgs OnDestroy(OnDestroyInputArgs args)

> This method is emitted when the data source or custom operator won't be used anymore. It can safely be destroyed.

Reviewer: This line is a bit weird.
```suggestion
This method is invoked when the data source or custom operator instance won't be used anymore.
It can be implemented to clean up or dispose of any resources the instance may hold.
```

Namespace: `Skyline.DataMiner.Analytics.GenericInterface`  
Assembly: `SLAnalyticsTypes.dll`

> The *IGQIOnDestroy* interface can be implemented for an Ad Hoc data source or Custom Operator to clean up resources after it has been used. It can, for instance, be used to close a database connection.

Reviewer: Be careful to be consistent with casing. Here it's Custom Operator capitalized where in other places it's not.
(I'm also not sure what the correct way is)

Author: Lowercased it, since technical writing did it lowercase before :)
